De Niro bang the drum slowly the critics
called him a brilliant new talent
actively in the streets they said he was
a genius for his performance in The
Godfather Part two they gave him the
Academy Award now
Robert De Niro creates a terrifying
portrait of life on the edge of madness
taxi driver a film by Martin Scorsese
people do anything in front of taxi
driver I mean anything people too cheap
to to rent a hotel room people want to
embarrass you it's like you're not even
there it's like you know like a taxi
driver doesn't even exist this city
here's I can open sewer you know it's
full of Filth and scum
I think I know what you mean Travis it's
not gonna be easy
you guys got to be a Secret Service man
what I was just curious because I
thought maybe I'd make a video kind of
guns you guys carry 38s 45s 357 magnums
something bigger maybe hi I'd like to
volunteer
why because I think that you are the
most beautiful woman I've ever seen the
taxi driver is looking for a target
getting ready getting organized
preparing himself for the only moment in
his life that will ever mean anything
350 for the Magnum 250 for the 38 one
and a quarter for the 25 153 age that
taxi driver has been staring at us
you're talking to me you're talking to
me you were me talking to me
so you're talking about talking to me
well I'm the only one here I don't
believe I've ever met anyone quite like
you oh yeah you never see a more
chilling performance than this
Robert De Niro in Martin Scorsese's taxi
driver Jodie Foster Albert Brooks
Harvey Keitel Leonard Harris Peter Boyle
Cybill Shepherd
[Music]
EXCI driver
you